Human rights organizations are the guardians of nascent freedom. Efforts to suffocate them will be a major setback & will surely backfire.
Show me the government controlled Egyptian television, and I'll show you the Old Regime
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights urged Egypt's Senior Military leaders to act on the violence or risk future prosecution.
An adviser to the military addressing media: "Delinquents should be put in Hitler's gas chambers", a deranged and criminal state of mind!
Since #Jan25, innocents continue to be killed&tortured while authority denies using force or violence. Orwell's "Min. of Truth" reincarnated
Even if sit-in illegal, use of brutal force not the answer & should be condemned .Gross mismanagement & trampling of human rights continues
A task force of best Egyptian minds inside & abroad urgently needed to take bold measures to avert the looming collapse of the economy
Law & Order will only be restored when security apparatus is purged and it's doctrine is in tune with the emerging democracy
Smear campaign against me back in full force. Old regime still intact. You can suppress people but not ideas
Thugs now attacking protestors in Tahrir. A regime that can not protect it's citizens is a regime that failed it's people
On my way to Tahrir to pay my respects to the martyrs. Their sacrifice will not be in vain. Together we shall prevail
Tear gas with nerve agent & live ammunition being used against civilians in Tahrir. A massacre is taking place
Congratulations to Egyptians abroad on right to vote. Egypt belongs to us all
In light of court ruling, holding elections w/o participation of Egyptians abroad will render them illegitimate
Gadhafi's tragic end is a clear message to every authoritarian regime and a new beginning for the Libyan people. The countdown continues
Suppression of free speech and control of the media is aborting the nascent democracy. Where are we heading ?
At the cemetery where victims of Maspero violence are buried. Devastating. May their souls rest in peace
Religious extremism is a ticking bomb. Diffusing it in a transparent & decisive way is long overdue
The right to form trade unions is a cornerstone of democracy. Why has the law regulating such a right not been promulgated yet?
Egypt' s salvation will be through genuine transition to democracy and not through repressive measures; don't clone old regime !
New electoral laws will lead to an unrepresantative parliament and the perpetuation of Mubarak's "democracy". Do not abort the revolution
On course 2 stability Libya & Tunisia developed road map with timeline 4 transitional period; 7 months after revolution,what R we waiting 4?
Activists abducted & abused 4 "interrogation " w/o due process or anyone claiming responsibility.Mubarak's security apparatus still intact.
Road to democracy is eroding:mil trials,violence against demos,rejection of intl election monitoring,procrastination on expats' right 2 vote
Military trials for young activists, while Mubarak & co. stand before civilian courts, is a legal farce. Don't abort the revolution
Met today w/ reps of 8 million Egyptians w/ disabilities. Their rights are trampled. New Egypt must be based on equality & solidarity
not a single woman among the 27 governors. What happened to so called equality?
18 generals out of 27 governors. All Moslem. Revolution should change the mindset and not just indivduals. When do we begin?
Massacres continue in Syria, Libya and Yemen. A famine in Somalia. The world acts while the Arab nation slumbers. When will our soul return?
The world is watching the slaughterhouse in Syria. Shame on us
Local & int'l election monitoring+the right of Egy abroad to vote were 2 of the 7 demands for change b4 the revolution.There's no going back
A clear and transparent roadmap with specific milestones for the transitional period is an overdue priority for the new government.
The revolution's demands are clear. We need an empowered government and a change of policies.
Inconcievable after 5 months from the revolution, that we still don't know who is behind "the plan to undermine the revolution".
Sluggishness, opaqueness & confusion eroding credibility. Clear vision, transparency, time line & genuine participation urgently required.
Half the world lives on 2 dollars a day while we spend hundreds of billions on nukes every year
Planned appearance on Egyptian state television denied. Policy of censure and vilification continues
While the process of purging the old regime should be expedited, shaping the future must remain our priority.
A series of vague reports on "conspiracies" and "counter revolutions". About time we're told who's behind these and what's being done.
Security & stability do not mandate the outright or veiled violation of people's rights, freedoms or dignity
Seriously concerned about absence of security forces to protect peaceful demonstrations : protection of "rights " is a state responsibility
Peaceful demonstration is a basic right for people to make their voices heard.Casting doubt on intentions is divisive & counterproductive
W/O law & order & a clear road map we will B engrossed in minor issues losing sight of big picture : building a cohesive & vibrant society
According to law announced today transition will last more than a year isn't it logical to adopt new constitution before elections ?
New electoral law announced today practically denies Egyptians abroad the right to cast their vote outside Egypt.
Immediate measures to save Egypt: National Salvation Council, serious measures to restore law & order, national dialogue & agreed road map.
Decision 2 deny Egyptians abroad right 2 vote undermines democracy & manipulates its outcomes.Reasons given abhorrent,demeaning & false.
Road to stability: quick responses to legit demands, power sharing with civilians during transition, clear road map, srs national dialogue
Many obvious steps to purge old regime have not been taken. People back in Tahrir today protesting delay. Half measures simply do not work!
Didn't constitutional declaration, with all its implications, deserve a national dialogue ?
Removal of old regime mouthpieces from print media is a positive, long awaited step. Next on the list is TV and media independence
What happened to the right of Egyptians abroad to vote ? The technology exists. What are we waiting for ?
Government talking abt "counter revolution ": who's responsible and what's being done ? Doesn't add up...
Media still controlled by old regime.Demagoguery most lethal weapon to abort revolution
Quite worried at the way things are going : no clear road map for transition. We need dialogue and transparency.
Ad on 1st page of Al-Ahram by religious group claiming Yes vote is a "religious duty". Something sinister is going on!
Dana & Ragia Omran arrested by army while monitoring referendum: disgusting !
Top figures of Mubarak regime still at large undermining revolution. Something is terribly wrong!!
Went 2 vote w family attacked by organized thugs. Car smashed w rocks. Holding referendum in absence of law & order is an irresponsible act
Constituent assembly by appointment or election of credible representatives of different factions of society : no need to reinvent the wheel
Even within arbitrary 6 months transitional, period drafting a new constitution is doable. Why rush at the expense of democracy ?!
New regime = new democratic constitution reflecting national will.Keeping Mubarak's constitution,even temporarily, is insult to revolution
Voting " Yes " in referendum resuscitates Mubarak's constitution resulting in a flawed parliament & a flawed constituent assembly
In light of deep division re referendum it's cancellation is in national interest. Unity & clarity of vision are key at this stage.
Have illegal wiretapping & breech of privacy been completely discontinued ? We need unequivocal assurances
Immediate dismissal of state media bosses is key to regaining credibility & people's trust. What are we waiting for ?
Cancellation of referendum, clear & rational road map for transition only way towards true democracy.Let's not waste time
Without Immediate detention of top leaders & figures of Mubarak regime , revolution in grave danger. Can not understand delay!
Shocked by destruction of church that reflects distorted values.Tolerance & equality R key to New Egypt
I pay tribute to the women of Egypt on Women's Day.Equality will be the hallmark of future Egypt.God bless.
If SCAF cedes power in 6 months , a presidential council can take over. Building a genuine democracy more important than artificial deadline
Even with amendments, elections will take place under flawed constitution. New constitution must precede all elections. Why the rush?
Rushed parliamentary elections in absence of right to establish parties will result in unrepresentative parliament
Lets all get down to work and start rebuilding our country. We want the world to know that Egypt is open for business
Today old regime has finally fallen. We are on the right track. My appreciation to the SCAF for listening to the people.
Remnants of old regime leading transition to democracy is an oxymoron.Enough of this farce! Egypt deserves better
Constructive meeting with SCAF ; frank exchange on political,economic & security challenges & the way forward. We R all in the same boat
Violence against peaceful protestors is the responsibility of those in power."Security solutions" are a continuation of old regime
After episode today "independent" media should stop misleading people that they are free. Prime Minister must go !
Issa program today criticizing PM suddenly interrupted:Mubarak authoritarian regime alive & well.Free media remains a myth!
Where is regime top echelon in corruption investigation? Was it limited to second tier ?!
No one accused of killing demonstrators has been arrested.Justice delayed is justice denied
Elections under a patchwork constitution is a step in wrong direction. A new constitution is first priority . Why rush?We must get it right.
Elections in absence of right to establish parties during transitional period is pseudo democracy
No democracy without the right to vote for Egyptians abroad
Bloodshed & lives lost in Libya : a disgrace for every Arab. Arab League lost all credibility, a new Arab structure urgently needed
The glow of freedom is spreading its light all over the Arab world . Finally !!
Change will not come from within the regime : peaceful demonstrations & a new parties embodying revolution principles is way forward
Cosmetic change in government of fallen regime is insult 2 revolution & same old contempt of peoples' will. We still have a long way to go
Regime has not changed as long as its media mouthpieces R still in place desperatley trying to change colour & undermine revolution
Efforts 2 patchwork defunct constitution is step in wrong direction. A provisional const. followed by drafting a new const. is way forward
Who is looking into freezing assets of Mubarak, his family & regime remenants ? Has the process begun? Scape goats are not enough !
A new government with new PM representing face of revolution is way to gain credibility & peoples' trust.
Mubarak gone but regime alive & well . Efforts 2 derail revolution will backfire. Army as agent of people must be responsive 2 their demands
Peoples' demands for a fresh start are crystal clear & should not be derailed.Let us not repeat the blunders of the past.
Egyptians awaiting list of those banned from leaving the country and are under investigation. Transparency is essential !
Do not paint this as a "youth " revolution :youth were the spark but all Egyptians embraced it and turned it into a glowing fire
Urgent need for independent media :Without free media there are no free elections.
Political detainees should be released immediatley.
Rushed transition period would only benefit organized existing parties & groups ; outcome will be an unrepresentative & lopsided election
Repeal of emergency law, right to establish parties , one year transition are prerequisites for representative , free & fair elections
Provisional constitution, presidential council of army & civilians, national unity government : indispensable for smooth transition.
Transitional period key to New Egypt yet so far opaque and not inclusive. Concern Revolution is being derailed. Army needs to reach out.
A live interview with Ibrahim Issa on Al Jazeera Mubasher at 2:00 pm
Egypt Today is a free and proud nation. God bless
Entire nation is on the streets. Only way out is for regime to go. People power can't be crushed. We shall prevail. Still hope army can join
Egypt will explode. Army must save the country now
I am closely following the situation. We are almost there
We shall continue to exercise our right of peaceful demonstration and restore our freedom & dignity.Regime violence will backfire badly
Threats of violence against participants in peaceful demos reveal the ugly face of a regime terrified of its own people
Fully support call 4 peaceful demonstrations vs. repression & corruption. When our demands for change fall on deaf ears what options remain?
The writing is on the wall. Hope regime gets it: change cannot wait.
Violence in Tunisia now is a product of decades of repression.Regime in Egypt must understand that peaceful change is only way out.
The courage of the Tunisian people to uphold their freedom & dignity is a shining light and a trailblazer. Change only comes from within.
Tunisia :repression + absence of social justice + denial of channels for peaceful change = a ticking bomb
We must have the courage to face the threat to our unity.Decisive measures are urgently required.State of denial will make things worse.
Cornerstones of change : transitional period; new constitution ;civil state; true democracy; equal rights and social justice .
When only 5 people out of 85 mill. are eligible to run for presidential elections: boycotting this deception is key to regain our rights.
Awaiting investigation:if "Bilal" torture is proven, all those responsible must be severly punished.Torture is no domestic matter
A cohesive society is a society that does not tolerate any form of discrimination. Egypt must reverse course.
Tragic events of 2 Saints church : symptomatic of an impotent regime unable 2 protect its people & a disintegrating society about 2 implode
My fellow Egyptians: the New Year is a unique opportunity to rebuild our country together. Change is in the air. Happy New Year.
Merry Christmas to my fellow Egyptian Christians everywhere with the hope of a brighter future for our Motherland.
"Slaves can carry rocks.But only the free can reach the stars " Mostafa ElBaradei in 1961
The time to sign the petition for change is NOW !
Unite we must. Change will only come from outside regime institutions bereft of legitimacy.Right shall prevail .
Boycotting election runoff & withdrawal of independent & opposition winners :another opportunity to expose brazen dictatorship & for change
A legistlature elected without genuine guarantees and subject to an executive with unlimited powers is perpetuation of sham democracy
Efforts to silence our voices will only strengthen our resolve to regain our freedom . Anger is on the rise.
Violence at "Omrania " symptomatic of a society coming apart at the seams.Change is a must.
Freedom of speech of religion from fear & from want R essence of humanity.Denial of these freedoms anywhere is offence 2 humanity everywhere
Blatant restrictions on independent media is a desperate attempt from a regime trying in vain to cover up its failings domestically & abroad
Ignoring court decisions & manipulating the judicial process speak volumes about a repressive regime.Judiciary is bastion of justice
Detentions & lack of equal oppurtunities: those who decided to participate in elections ought to rethink their decision. Entire process fake
State media devoted to serve ruling party, deprives opposition of equal opportunity & misuses public funds.No democracy without free speech
Talks with Israel on settlement while gulping Palestinian land 4 decades is an excercise in futility. Let's keep what's left of our dignity
We all know elections will be a sham. The question we should ask ourselves is whether to boycott this farce or be a part of it.
Our freedoms steadily eroding by a regime on its last legs. Essa's courage is admirable. Our confidence is in tact. Right will prevail.
Repeated promises for free & fair elections in the absence of providing universal guarantees ring hollow & are meaningless
Total boycott is fastest way available 2 the people 2 unmask sham elections.I salute Demoratic Front Party & all those in support of boycott
Detention of Al Hariri is the latest blatant case of a regime that continues to suppress freedoms.Egypt is becoming a big prison.
Role of the youth as agents of change now : mobilize people to sign petition,boycott elections & break barrier of fear.Strength in numbers
